## On The Importance of Accessibility 
### What we are doing about it

Given the current state of the world, it is of the utmost importance that students are able to access the Rise application and subsequent components of the experience. We are seeing an exacerbation of socioeconomic divide both in the [U.S.](https://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2020/03/16/as-schools-close-due-to-the-coronavirus-some-u-s-students-face-a-digital-homework-gap/) and [abroad](https://wkzo.com/news/articles/2020/jun/04/two-girls-lockdown-learning-underlines-south-africas-educational-divide/1025645/) - as wealthier students are able to complete their homework and access Zoom classes while those without a connection are often left without access to education. Given this context, we strive even more to make Rise accessible for all those who are experiencing this disruption. To address these access issues, we are taking a dual approach - through increasing access to the app and offering a paper application.

The Twenty team is working to ensure that the Hello World App is available on many common device types around the world and requires low bandwidth. The Hello World app is available on all of the 5 top selling brands (Samsung, Itel, Tecno, Huawei, Infinix) in Africa for all of the most common devices except for a single model (It5613). In addition, a 90 second video is only 16.3MB, requiring 45 seconds to upload a video for an average lower-value connection. Through all of these efforts and future efforts, the Twenty team is committed to making the Hello World app accessible to all young people globally.

For those who do not have access to a smartphone, we are providing an alternative application that can be conducted on paper. In the paper application, we aim to make it signal-producing, reflective, fun, and an opportunity for applicants to learn. To do this, we plan to include questions on some common, but more advanced principles (game theory, stoichiometry, logic), where a brief description of the topics will be provided and students will be able to learn and challenge themselves. In addition, we plan to make later features on the Hello World application (including guided projects) available through paper journaling, so participants will be able to stay engaged and further level up.

We are committed to providing the Rise application and opportunity to join a network of brilliant individuals to every young adult globally. We will continue to design our products and processes with this at the front of mind.

